Add LN content and minor tweaks to the User Research (#553)
BitcoinDesign/Guide: guide/designing-products/user-research.md

Bitcoin only knows its users through pseudonymous addresses. We can analyze on-chain metrics for things like fundamental transaction behaviors, but analysis of addresses and transactions beyond this can be complicated. While the privacy Bitcoin provides is a fundamental aspect, it can make things challenging for user researchers.

> ### It's a layered protocol

Author: Fair enough, do you have any concrete suggestion for a title? I agree it doesn't fit in.

How about `public protocol`? I am just wanted not to use `ledger` as it's not L2 thing. Would appreciate any ideas.

> ### It's a layered protocol

Reviewer: Why not keep the title the same and then add another small paragraph after it that covers how it's extensible / layered and mention Lightning. 

Also I don't think layered protocol makes sense, Bitcoin and Lightning are two separate protocols

> ### It's a layered protocol

Author: The reason I didn't want to go to layering is because it's been covered in the tech primer, so I simply linked to it.

   layout = "float-left"
%}

Bitcoin is a protocol with [layers](https://bitcoin.design/guide/getting-started/technology-primer/#do-all-transactions-have-to-be-this-secure) built on top of it.

> Layers built on top of the base layer, such as [Lightning network](https://bitcoin.design/guide/getting-started/technology-primer/#the-lightning-payment-network) make the specific transaction analysis impossible thanks to the [payment channels](https://bitcoin.design/guide/getting-started/technology-primer/#what-is-a-payment-channel).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The base layer is a public record of transactions that can easily be analyzed. However, layers built on top, such as [Lightning network](/guide/getting-started/technology-primer/#the-lightning-payment-network) make analysis of specific transaction impossible, thanks to [payment channels](/guide/getting-started/technology-primer/#what-is-a-payment-channel).
```
I'd also describe the base layer, and not skip over it.

Author: Good catch, that makes a ton of sense, ty 👍
